yeah okay one more please come on I'm
gonna get it in this time I will okay
class chance wish again I'm sorry you
know what maybe I don't need to have
children which now maybe I just think I
do because that's what society and by
that I mean my mom has always convinced
me that I I do I have to have children
I'm sorry I just do yo can I have your
attention please
best man making a toast here thank you
um I remember when Barry got home from
his first date with Rachel what yeah I
heard the same band I can't use the same
speech thank you thank you very much
anyway I wish you both a wonderful life
together
no and Rachel what no no no in all
seriousness there's not a lot of women
who would have had the guts to come back
here tonight and even fewer who do it
with their ass is hanging out
I'd like to add something to that
what do you
most of you don't know me I'm Rachel's
boyfriend hope you're good Ross and I
just like to say that it did take a lot
of courage for Rachel to come here
tonight and just for the record she did
not run out on Barry because she had
syphilis what are you doing I'm serious
the reason she walked out on on Barry is
simply that she didn't love him
which incidentally worked out pretty
well for me
Cheers see you in the parking lot no
wait
and once again she is out of here okay
who had 9:45 you know what bear I'm not
gonna leave him I probably should but
I'm not because I promised myself I
would make it through at least one of
your weddings see now tonight all I
really wanted was to make it through
this evening with a little bit of grace
and dignity I just we can all agree
that's not gonna happen
I guess there's nothing really left to
say I accept him
her name was Lola she was a showgirl
with yellow feather feathers in her hair
and dress cut down to their shoe she
would all right
and while she'd like to be a star Tony
always tended bar and when like
everybody
Oh